So far, you've learned about
a variety of network protocols,
including communication
protocols like TCP/IP.
Now we're going to
go more in depth
into a class of
communication protocols
called the IEEE802.11.
IEEE802.11, commonly
known as Wi-Fi,
is a set of standards
that define
communications for
wireless LANs.
IEEE stands for
the Institute of Electrical
and Electronics Engineers,
which is an organization that
maintains Wi-Fi standards,
and 802.11 is a suite of
protocols used in
wireless communications.
Wi-Fi protocols have adapted
over the years to become
more secure and reliable
to provide the same level of
security as a wired connection.
In 2004,
a security protocol called
the Wi-Fi Protected Access,
or WPA, was introduced.
WPA is a wireless
security protocol
for devices to connect
to the internet.
Since then, WPA has evolved
into newer versions,
like WPA2 and WPA3,
which include further
security improvements,
like more advanced encryption.
As a security analyst,
you might be responsible
for making sure that
the wireless connections in
your organization are secure.
Let's learn more about
security measures.